Another attempt/method for running tests on physical laptops (#1741)
os-autoinst/os-autoinst: doc/backend_vars.asciidoc

GENERAL_HW_POWEROFF_ARGS;string;;Arguments to pass GENERAL_HW_POWEROFF_CMD Shell script
GENERAL_HW_FLASH_CMD;string;;Shell Command to flash a disk image on SUT (in CMD_DIR), optional
GENERAL_HW_FLASH_ARGS;string;;Arguments to pass GENERAL_HW_FLASH_CMD Shell script
GENERAL_HW_STORE_ASSET_CMD;string;;Shell Command to extract disk image from SUT (in CMD_DIR), optional

> GENERAL_HW_STORE_ASSET_ARGS;string;;Arguments to pass GENERAL_HW_STORE_ASSET_CMD Shell script. The script will get also extra arguments: disk number and file path to save it into.

Reviewer: Pun intended? 😉 The descriptions already refer to the disk image, so maybe `IMAGE` is a more descriptive term to use here and a single word fits in better with existing ones?
```suggestion
GENERAL_HW_IMAGE_ARGS;string;;Arguments to pass GENERAL_HW_IMAGE_CMD Shell script. The script will get also extra arguments: disk number and file path to save it into.
```
